Revised abstract (#85)
scionassociation/scion-cp_I-D: draft-dekater-scion-controlplane.md

--- abstract

This document describes the Control Plane of the path-aware, inter-domain network architecture SCION (Scalability, Control, and Isolation On Next-generation networks). A fundamental characteristic of SCION is that it gives path control to SCION-capable endpoints that can choose between multiple path options, thereby enabling the optimization of network paths. The Control Plane is responsible for discovering these paths and making them available to the endpoints.

> The SCION Control Plane creates and manages path segments between SCION Autonomous Systems (AS) which can then be combined into forwarding paths to transmit packets in the data plane. Path exploration is undertaken through a beaconing process which allows each AS to register segments according to its own policy and can specify which path properties and algorithms to use when selecting paths to a destination. Endpoints may then construct end-to-end paths from a set of possible path segments returned by returned by a path lookup process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SCION Control Plane creates and securely disseminates path segments between SCION Autonomous Systems (AS) which can then be combined into forwarding paths to transmit packets in the data plane. This document describes mechanisms of path exploration through beaconing and path registration. In addition, it describes how  Endpoints construct end-to-end paths from a set of possible path segments through a path lookup process.
```
